[terrified chatter]
[screaming]
Everybody run!
Hurry! Take cover!
Aide: That was Poltos!
[alarmed grunts]
Fobster: Forgive my intrusion,
but there's no time to waste.
My liege;
News from Carl Kingdom.
It was Queen Flora
who sent me here.
Deroline: [shivering]
Couldn't... you pick
somewhere warmer to hide?!
It's safe out here!
This is the only
place that's safe...
Away from the Dark Army.
I'm starving...
Heroh Heroh: Hey!
You hungry? We caught
us some dinner.
Zulbon: What is that?!
Uh... a bird?
[terrified screaming]
All: Run for it!
[screaming]
Where's the real Hero -
when you need him most?!
[screaming]
Zaboera: [delighted cackle]
What incredible
destructive ability.
King Vearn is great indeed.
Ah, if it isn't my master,
the great spectral
Commander Mystvearn.
Did you see the size
of that crater out there?
I must admit, even
I am still amazed at
the extent of our
king's vast power...
Oh, did I mention that
he also promoted me to be
the Dark Army's
Second-in-Command?
I'm so glad I
had the foresight to
cut ties with
that fool Hadlar.
Mystvearn: Zaboera.
Y-yes?
Mystvearn: During
Hadlar's transformation
into the Superior Being,
did you not notice
the Black Core
that had been
planted inside him?
Well, of course I
noticed. Who wouldn't?
I just thought it was
best to leave it alone.
I knew that King Vearn
would set if off eventually,
but so long as I wasn't
caught in the blast,
it could work
to my advantage.
[devious giggle]
Something wrong?
Mystvearn: You're scum.
Speaking ill of Hadlar
is beyond your station!
Mystvearn: I recognize
your part in saving King Vearn,
but I have no trust
in some gutter rat
with eyes only for
his own success.
Your type always
turn on their masters
when it suits their needs.
Mystvearn: And when you do...
I will not hesitate.
You can threaten
me all you wish.
Dominance is not a
matter of power alone;
one must have
patience and cunning
to be the last one standing.
And I happen to have
those qualities in spades,
so it will be me who
gets the last laugh.
Popp [thought]:
I... I made it.
But how did I end up here?
Popp [thought]:
You swam all this way
carrying me, didn't you?
You never cease to amaze, Maam.
Ursa Major: [growling]
[alarmed grunt]
[growling]
Popp [thought]:
An Ursa Major?!
Without my Magic Power,
I'm no match.
But I have to protect
her at all costs!
Hey, come and get it!
I'll turn you into
a rug - you hear me?!
[threatening snarl]
Popp [thought]:
What's it doing?!
Chiu: Ha! Good job,
Trooper Number Eight!
Greetings, Sir Popp.
And Miss Maam!
[relieved sigh]
You idiots!
Almost gave me a heart-attack.
Akhim: Hang in there, sir.
We'll take you back
to the Forest Fort!
Good job, pal.
The Forest Fort, huh?
Nova: It's the basecamp
for the Order of Carl.
They're back in the fight.
Queen Flora and some
of her forces survived.
Some kinda miracle, huh?
[relieved sigh]
Popp: So, it's been
four whole days?
Leona: And in that time...
The Dark Army has been
using their flying fortress
to bombard towns and
cities all over the world.
One target every day.
You know, I did
think it was odd
that they weren't
attacking the capitals,
but if their goal is sheer
destruction, it makes sense.
It doesn't matter now.
If King Vearn wants to
wipe out the Surface World,
I'd rather have to deal
with an invasion, honestly.
But at least the two of you
made it back in one piece!
And I'm sure Dai and the
others will be here soon...
I sure hope you're right.
Things weren't
looking so good...
I mean, the Holy Mother Dragon
flew in and took Dai away.
And then Hyunckel and
Crocodine took a direct hit
from the Dark King's magic.
If Hadlar hadn't
shown up when he did,
it would have been
the end of us.
We got our butts
kicked. Seriously.
Leona [thought]: It's no use.
Popp and Maam have both felt
the terrifying force of
the Dark King - firsthand.
There... there isn't
anything we could say
to lift their spirits.
Popp: I guess...
There's just nothing at all we
can do to stop them, is there?
Flora: You mustn't
say such gloomy things.
[surprised breaths]
Flora: After all...
You are Avan's
disciples. Aren't you?
Huh?
Ah, Queen Flora!
Oh! The leader of Carl!
That's right.
She escaped the
fall of her kingdom
with a handful of knights.
They want to join
forces with us
and strike back
at the Dark Army.
Leona: We've all been holed up
here planning our next move.
Now, Popp... Maam.
I know you're distraught.
But you must take heart.
If you really wish to carry
on the will of Sir Avan,
then you cannot give
in to such weakness.
Popp: Whoa, you
knew Master Avan?
As a matter of fact, he
once belonged to our Order.
Avan fought bravely
to defend our kingdom along
with my lead knight, Sir Roka.
Yes, Maam. I knew
your father, as well.
Back then...
Lord Hadlar led the Dark Army,
laying siege to our domain.
My father had grown ill...
So the throne fell to me.
I led our kingdom's fight
against the growing darkness.
[cheering]
Flora: I tried my best
to put on a brave face
and boost the morale
of my subjects,
but I wasn't sure we
could actually overcome
the supernatural powers
of the Dark Lord.
But really...
I was terrified.
And it wasn't just me.
Everyone in the
palace was afraid.
Knight: It's useless.
There's no way we can
outmatch the Dark Lord!
Minister: If we just keep
scampering around like this,
we'll gain nothing.
Flora: But Avan
refused to give up.
Avan: No, no, no.
It's time to pull
yourselves together, men!
If we do nothing, then we
really will gain nothing here.
The way I see it, if all we
can do is "scamper" around...
Then my friends...
"Scamper", we shall!
[laughing]
Flora: I just
couldn't help it.
I burst out laughing. Right
there in front of everyone.
That's when I realized...
this man is a natural-born
Hero. He can inspire anyone.
And so nowadays, whenever I
feel like I've lost hope...
I remember I can still
"scamper around."
And I hear his voice...
Telling me not to give up.
Popp: Um... Your Majesty...
Master Avan...
It's all right, Popp.
I know he's gone.
Flora: If he were still
out there somewhere,
he would never have
let things go this far.
The destruction
of his own home.
I'm certain, that if he were
able, he'd be by my side.
Popp [thought]: Oh.
I get it. So, she...
Maam [thought]: She was in love
with Master Avan, wasn't she?
"Scamper," huh?
Sounds like a plan.
Yeah, count me in.
[chuckling]
I may never be quite
as brave Master Avan,
but I know I can scamper
with the best of 'em!
Many thanks...
But for now you must rest
- the time will come.
Get yourselves in
fighting shape.
I have a plan of
my own. You'll see.
She's a great woman.
It's almost as if
her mere presence...
leaves a charge in the air.
No kidding.
I can definitely see why you
respect her so much, Leona.
Popp: So she and
Master Avan were a thing.
I mean, she does have
that mature appeal...
[giggle]
Both: Scumbag!
[pained groan]
Bowson: Princess Leona!
Your presence is needed.
The Dark Army is moving
against Ringaia!
[worried breaths]
Vearn: I forgot how boring it
can be when all our affairs
are running smoothly.
Zaboera: I wholeheartedly agree.
Killvearn: I wouldn't
be so sure.
This card represents
misfortune...
And it comes up no matter
how many times I shuffle.
Perhaps it foretells
of yet another
resistance looming
upon our horizon.
Killvearn: Perhaps...
But whatever it means,
it's definitely trouble.
My cards have never been
wrong before, Your Majesty.
Then let us draw them out.
We can make some use of those
two we've been holding captive.
Canal: Your Majesty!
Outside! Look in the sky!
King Teran:
The Holy Mother Dragon.
This can only mean that
the life of a Dragon Knight
is coming to an end...
and the God of
Dragons has chosen
our people to be witnesses.
Canal: Could it be the Hero?!
Dai: Where am I?
What... What happened to me?
Holy Dragon: Death.
[startled breath]
Holy Dragon:
The end of your path.
And who are you?
Holy Dragon: I am
the Holy Mother Dragon,
a servant of the gods.
I preside over the eternal
cycle of the Dragon Knights.
The Mother Dragon?
That's right...
You're the being who passes
on the Crest's power...
from one Dragon Knight
to whichever one is next.
I still kinda feel
like I'm alive, though.
Holy Dragon:
Allow me to explain.
You have taken on an astral
form and are between realms.
Soon your spirit shall pass
on into the world of the gods.
I see. So will another...
Dragon Knight replace me, or...
Holy Dragon: No. There will
be no more Dragon Knights.
Holy Dragon: You
are the last, Dai.
Wait! But... But, why?!
Holy Dragon:
The gods who designed
the realm you call home
created the Dragon
Knights in order to
prevent the forces
of evil from tipping
the natural
balance of the world.
But it seems that
over many eons,
the power of such evil
has managed to evolve.
Now the Dark King Vearn
possesses a power
that could rival the
very gods themselves.
Holy Dragon: Even with
the might of a Dragon Knight,
evil can no longer be thwarted.
In fact, the desire
to overcome your kind
may be what drove evil to
evolve in the first place.
Do you understand?
B-But... I...
Holy Dragon: That is why
I must bring the history of
the Dragon Knights to an end.
I no longer have the power to
create a new Knight, anyway.
The growing darkness
has covered the world,
weakening me as well.
You mean... you're really just
going to let the Dark King win?
Holy Dragon: The trials
of the mortal world
no longer concern you.
Let them go, and I shall return
your spirit to the heavens.
Holy Dragon:
Something is wrong...
You have two souls within you.
Dai: Dad?!
Holy Mother Dragon,
the boy is not your
last true Knight...
I am.
Dai is my son, and his
mother Soala was a human.
If you must take a soul,
then take mine.
Holy Dragon: A child?!
That cannot be.
He still has many
years ahead of him.
So please, I beseech you.
Will you grant
him another chance?
Whoa, wait...
Holy Dragon: Even if
I do revive him,
he will only face
another cruel loss.
No one can defeat
the Dark King,
no matter what power
they might possess.
I do not think
that is the case.
My son has a strength
no ordinary Dragon
Knight possesses.
Something beyond power.
Holy Dragon: But...
If every generation is meant to
receive only one Dragon Knight,
then tell me - how was
I able to sire a child?
So now, I believe that
the gods have realized
our limitations and decided
to give us a new hope.
Power may rule over everything
in this world, but...
hope is the
greatest power of all.
And perhaps that is
the reason why
this boy was
allowed to be born.
Please, Mother. Revive him.
Holy Dragon: Very well.
I shall grant Dai what
remains of my power,
giving him one, final chance.
Baran: Dai...
From here on out,
the history of the Dragon
Knights will be yours to write.
One day you may
even be a father.
But first of all, you
must defeat King Vearn...
And I know you will.
But I just can't.
I'm not... I'm nowhere
near as strong as you are!
I'll never beat
the Dark King alone!
You are not alone, son.
You have your friends.
Dai: No, Dad-
Baran: Your mother and I...
will be by your side, as well.
No, wait - please, don't go.
Please, Dad...
please don't go.
Quickly now.
Fetch a Mage at once!
We must get him
to Queen Flora!
Canal: Yes, sire!
Maybe we should give
them some space?
Oh, Dai.
I'm so glad...
you'll be all right.
Popp: Queen Flora.
Dai has been fully healed.
He's resting now,
but he'll pull through.
I see. Well, that's a relief.
Very good news indeed.
Only... I'm afraid I've received
some bad news, as well.
The Dark Army
has sent a message
to every kingdom
across the world...
etched in old runes
appearing on mirrors.
When translated,
here's what it says:
"To the doomed leaders
of the humans...
Your end draws near.
In a few days, the forces
of our Dark Army shall rise up
and wipe your pathetic
Surface World from existence.
There is nothing you
can do to stop us,
so make peace with your fate
and accept the inevitable.
To commemorate this
grand achievement,
we shall make an
example of the traitors
who aided your fallen Hero:
Hyunckel the Dark Swordsman and
the mighty Beast King Crocodine.
We welcome all
who are interested
to witness this punishment.
Two days from now at noon,
in the northern mountains
of Carl Kingdom,
they will both perish."
Those no-good,
spineless cowards.
There must be
something we can do.
We can't let them
go through with it.
We must have a
meeting at once!
Narrator: With
Hyunckel and Crocodine
held captive
by the Dark Army,
Dai awakes fully recovered
after his encounter with
Baran and the
Holy Mother Dragon.
And although his wounds
have been healed,
the memory of his last defeat
continues to torment him.
The others believe Dai
will regain his stride,
but will it be in time
to save their friends?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Dai and Popp".